You're old and wise at this stage.
<laugh> so have you discovered meaning to this whole thing?
Why the hell are we descendants of, um, apes here on earth?
What's the meaning of it? What's the meaning of life.
I haven't and it, and I am in, so the crazy,
so the best learning for me has been like,
no matter what level of success you achieve,
you're still worried about similar things.
Just maybe on a slightly different scale.
You're still concerned about the same things.
You're still self-conscious about the same things is like,
and actually that moment going through that is what makes you believe.
There's gotta be like more machinery to life or per this to life. And that,
that we're all chasing these materialistic things.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but you start, you start realizing like, um,
it's almost like, you know,
the Truman show when he gets the edge and he like knocks against it. He's like,
what? Like,
there's this awakening that happens when you get to that edge that you realize,
oh, like, sure, it's great. It's great that we all chase money and fame and,
and, and success, but you hit the edge and,
and I'm not even claiming I hit an edge, like, like Elon's hit an edge.
Like there's clearly larger skills, but what's cool is you learn that, like,
it doesn't actually matter.
And that there are all these other things that truly matter. Um,
that's not a case for working less hard. That's not a case for taking it easy.
That's not a is for the four day work. We,
what that is a case for is designing your life exactly the way you want to
design it. Cuz I don't know. I, I think we go around the, or you know,
the sun a, a certain number of times and then we die and then that's it.
That's me. Are you afraid of that moment? No, not at all.
In fact or least not yet. Um,
listen, I'm like a pilot, like I do. Yeah. Crazy things. And I like,
um, no, I like, if anything, I'm like, Ooh,
I gotta choose, uh, uh,
mindfully and purposefully the thing I am doing right now and not just for
all into it,
because you're gonna wake up one day and ask yourself why the hell you spent the
last 10 years doing X, Y or Z. Yeah.
So I guess my like shorter answer to this is
doing things on purpose because you choose to do them so
important in life and not just like floating down the river of life,
hitting branche of is along the way. Cuz you will hit branches. Right.
But rather like literally plotting a course and not having a 10 plan,
but just choosing every day to opt in.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> that I think has been more like,
I haven't figured out the meaning of life by any stretch of the imagination,
but it certainly isn't money.
It certainly isn't fame and it certainly isn't travel and it's like,
and it's way more of like opting into the game. You love playing.
Every day.
Opting in, just opting in and like don't let it happen. You opt in.
Kevin. Uh, it's great to end on, uh,
love and the meaning of life. This is an amazing conversation. A lot of fun.
Thank you. You gave me like a light into some fascinating aspects of this, uh,
the technical world and I can't honestly wait to see what you do next.
Thank you so much. Thanks for having me.